The first question always is what is next.
Yes.
And just in case they all do what they answer what is it viewed.
Yes though you should really notice.
And if you don't make sure you take some course that also teaches you that because this course builds
up on this knowledge but to make sure we're all on the same page view chess is a front and Javascript
framework that allows us to build powerful and engaging you eyes in the browser so to say it runs in
the browser since javascript runs there and it the UK s we can build user interfaces of any complexity
and it does a lot of the heavy lifting.
We normally have to do when working with javascript.
It's a mixture of angular underreact you could say especially angular one.
You see a lot of syntaxes and features in viewed as you know from these frameworks and libraries and
you can build Bel's UI widgets as well as more complex single page applications with that view.
It's also a real complete framework.
It also offers solutions for routing so handling different view or else.
And for state management and it's also very lightweight making it extremely popular.
You've got a rich ecosystem and everyone laughs.
View J.S. Now next genius builds up on do you chess.
It's not a new framework and it's also not adding a lot to the codebase of view chess.
Instead it's all about making the development of view chess applications easier.
And with that I don't just mean the steps but also the application that comes out that it's highly optimized.
Things like that one of its core features is that it makes server side rendering a breeze.
We talk about Universe Lap's And when we talk about suicide rendering.
And this essentially means that we can build a view application where we pre render that view the page
the user is going to see on the server right before serving it to the user.
This has great effects on search engine optimization and can speed up your page more on that in a second
and never core feature next just introduces its configuration by file and folder structure approach.
You really work in configuration files.
For example when setting up routes you dont write javascript code to do so.
Instead you create a folder structure that represents your page and the routes you need are automatically
inferred from that.
And that pattern is use a lot in next applications.
And of course you will learn all about this in this course.
Now finally we can say it really simplifies the development of us.
It makes it easier.
It has many smart approaches that make it more fun and all of that without adding much overhead to the
bundle you're shipping.
So your apps are going to stay extremely fast and might even be faster due to all the optimizations
it puts into place.